Define your application
Choose an application type and give it a name.

Application type
Info
Choose the type of application that you're developing. We will show example code for applications like yours.
Traditional web application
An application hosted on a webserver. Uses redirects and separate pages to display information. Examples are Java, Python, nodeJS.
Single Page Application (SPA)
A website with a single URL that updates content based on user interaction. Examples are JavaScript, Angular, React.
Mobile app
An app built with a mobile SDK. Examples are Android, iOS.
Machine-to-machine applications
Platform-independent server-to-server communications without user interaction. Authorizes API access with OAuth 2.0 scopes.
Name your application
Info
My web app - 4hxsko
Names are limited to 128 characters or fewer. Names may only contain alphanumeric characters, spaces, and the following special characters: + = , . @ -
Configure options
You must make a few initial choices about the user pool that supports your application. To change these settings later, you must create a new user pool.

Options for sign-in identifiers
Info
Choose sign-in attributes. Usernames can be an email address, phone number, or a user-selected username. When you select only email and phone, users must select either email or phone as their username type. When username is an option, users can sign in with any options you select if they have provided a value for that option.
E-mail
Phone number
Username
Want to set up social, SAML, or OIDC sign-in?
Required attributes for sign-up
Info
Choose any attributes that you want to require users to provide. With username alone, you must set email address or phone number as a required attribute.

Select attributes
 Options for sign-in identifiers and required attributes can't be changed after the app has been created.
Add a return URL - optional
Choose a return URL. Cognito redirects to this URL after successful sign-in with the managed login pages on your user pool domain. Your application can then process the resulting tokens.

Return URL
Info
https://
The length of the return URL must be between 1 and 1024 characters. Valid characters are letters, marks, numbers, symbols, and punctuations. Amazon Cognito requires HTTPS over HTTP except for http://localhost for testing purposes only. App return URLs such as myapp://example are also supported. Must not contain a fragment.